Add RiverAccordion component (#939)
primer/brand: apps/docs/content/components/RiverAccordion.mdx

        Call to action
      </Link>
    </RiverAccordion.Content>
    <RiverAccordion.Visual>
      <img
        src="/brand/assets/placeholder-1.png"
        alt="Visual content for item 1"
      />
    </RiverAccordion.Visual>
  </RiverAccordion.Item>

  <RiverAccordion.Item>
    <RiverAccordion.Heading>Heading 2</RiverAccordion.Heading>
    <RiverAccordion.Content>
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. In sapien sit
      ullamcorper id. Aliquam luctus sed turpis felis nam pulvinar risus
      elementum.
      <Link href="#" variant="accent">
        Call to action
      </Link>
    </RiverAccordion.Content>
    <RiverAccordion.Visual>
      <img
        src="/brand/assets/placeholder-2.png"
        alt="Visual content for item 2"
      />
    </RiverAccordion.Visual>
  </RiverAccordion.Item>

  <RiverAccordion.Item>
    <RiverAccordion.Heading>Heading 3</RiverAccordion.Heading>
    <RiverAccordion.Content>
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. In sapien sit
      ullamcorper id. Aliquam luctus sed turpis felis nam pulvinar risus
      elementum.
      <Link href="#" variant="accent">
        Call to action

>       </Link>

Reviewer: Also heads up that the rendered HTML in your current approach no longer wraps the description in a `<p>`, which it should do.

<img width="451" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-08 at 11 11 02" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/068064e1-1f34-410a-a565-54132bcc61e1" />

>       </Link>

Author: Just updated it, take a look and lmk what you think @rezrah

---

> title: River Accordion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: River accordion
```

Author: fd3b66ccb25a31d1faf39a18135932b2b1170c6f

> description: Use the river accordion to create collapsible content panels with associated visuals.

Reviewer: Being pedantic but should this be `to create expandable content panels with associated visuals.` instead of `collapsible` because you a) can't collapse an open panel and if you're presenting a visual you're expanding not collapsing.

source: https://github.com/primer/brand/blob/main/packages/react/src/river/RiverAccordion/RiverAccordion.tsx

> figma: 'https://www.figma.com/design/BJ95AjraesmRCWsKA013GS/Primer-Brand?node-id=16649-1497&p=f&t=lzotdAbtGDWpDEej-11'

Reviewer: I think this should link to the frame containing the examples?

```suggestion
figma: 'https://www.figma.com/design/BJ95AjraesmRCWsKA013GS/Primer-Brand?node-id=16649-1564&t=hUxfzn1hD1LwE1aQ-4'
```

> storybook: '/brand/storybook/?path=/story/components-riveraccordion--playground'

Reviewer: Could we create a default example and link to that instead of playground please?

---

import {Label} from '@primer/react'
import {PropTableValues} from '../../src/components'

```js
import {RiverAccordion} from '@primer/react-brand'
```

## Examples

### Default

```jsx live
<RiverAccordion align="start">
  <RiverAccordion.Item>
    <RiverAccordion.Heading>Heading 1</RiverAccordion.Heading>
    <RiverAccordion.Content>

>       <Text as="p" variant="muted" weight="medium" size="200">

Reviewer: Similar to the link below, this is quite optioned and I'm wondering if the pattern falls apart if someone forgets to add of most of this (particularly weight). I think we should set these as the default styles if we can.

Author: Would you prefer I update the implementation of `RiverAccordion.Content` to wrap all children in `<Text as="p" variant="muted" weight="medium" size="200">`, or apply all of the styles that `Text` would apply to the `.RiverAccordion__content` class?

Reviewer: If you use a css class with those defaults, are they still overrideable using the Text props? I think that's the easier approach, but not sure if specificity would make overriding harder (which we should still allow). The children approach should still allow that.

Author: Used a class in the end. Tested and it can still be overridden by `<Text>` ✅

        Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. In sapien sit
        ullamcorper id. Aliquam luctus sed turpis felis nam pulvinar risus
        elementum.
      </Text>

>       <Link href="#" variant="accent">

Reviewer: Is the use of accent links required in this component and something we need enforce @danielguillan?

Reviewer: Might just be something we can capture int he interface guidelines, but want to make sure the design can be used with the normal variant too, otherwise we should consider enforcing it.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I believe we should be consistent with other instances such as the River component and enforce the accent variant by default.

Reviewer: cc. @joshfarrant can we make the accent link the default please ☝️  (but continue to allow overrides if neccessary)

Author: Updated 👍

        Call to action
      </Link>
    </RiverAccordion.Content>
    <RiverAccordion.Visual>
      <img

>         src="https://placehold.co/600x400/FF5733/ffffff?text=1"

Reviewer: Could we make this a local fixture please?

        ullamcorper id. Aliquam luctus sed turpis felis nam pulvinar risus
        elementum.
      </Text>
      <Link href="#" variant="accent">
        Call to action
      </Link>
    </RiverAccordion.Content>
    <RiverAccordion.Visual>
      <img
        src="https://placehold.co/600x400/AF7AC5/ffffff?text=2"
        alt="Visual content for item 2"
      />
    </RiverAccordion.Visual>
  </RiverAccordion.Item>

  <RiverAccordion.Item>
    <RiverAccordion.Heading>Heading 3</RiverAccordion.Heading>
    <RiverAccordion.Content>
      <Text as="p" variant="muted" weight="medium" size="200">
        Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. In sapien sit
        ullamcorper id. Aliquam luctus sed turpis felis nam pulvinar risus
        elementum.
      </Text>
      <Link href="#" variant="accent">
        Call to action
      </Link>
    </RiverAccordion.Content>
    <RiverAccordion.Visual>
      <img
        src="https://placehold.co/600x400/48C9B0/ffffff?text=3"
        alt="Visual content for item 3"
      />
    </RiverAccordion.Visual>
  </RiverAccordion.Item>
</RiverAccordion>
```

### Visual alignment

> Use the `align` prop to control the position of the visuals. Setting `align="end"` will position the visuals on the right side of the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `align` prop to control the position of the visuals. Setting `align="end"` will invert the default position of the visuals and content.
```

        alt="Visual content for item 3"
      />
    </RiverAccordion.Visual>
  </RiverAccordion.Item>
</RiverAccordion>
```

## Component props

### RiverAccordion <Label>Required</Label>

| Name       | Type                                                        |  Default  | Description                                                            |
| :--------- | :---------------------------------------------------------- | :-------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `children` | `React.ReactElement[]`                                      |           | RiverAccordion.Item components                                         |
| `align`    | <PropTableValues values={['start', 'end']} addLineBreaks /> | `'start'` | Controls the position of the visuals relative to the accordion content |

`RiverAccordion` extends the HTML `div` element and supports all `div` props.

### RiverAccordion.Item <Label>Required</Label>

| Name       | Type                   | Default | Description                                          |
| :--------- | :--------------------- | :-----: | :--------------------------------------------------- |

> | `children` | `React.ReactElement[]` |         | Must include Heading, Content, and Visual components |

Reviewer: Could we add some links to the description? So they scroll to the relevant sections below like FAQ does?

Heading in particular could be easily confused with the Heading component instead of RiverAccordion.Heading?

`RiverAccordion.Item` extends the HTML `div` element and supports all `div` props.

### RiverAccordion.Heading <Label>Required</Label>

| Name       | Type     | Default | Description  |
| :--------- | :------- | :-----: | :----------- |
| `children` | `string` |         | Heading text |

> `RiverAccordion.Heading` extends the [`Heading`](/components/Stack) component and supports all `Heading` props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RiverAccordion.Heading` extends the [`Heading`](/components/heading) component and supports all `Heading` props.
```

Author: Thank you, I swear I spotted and fixed this once already, but clearly not! 😅
